docs: rewrite README (#624)
secure-systems-lab/securesystemslib: README.md

# securesystemslib

[![CI](https://github.com/secure-systems-lab/securesystemslib/workflows/Run%20Securesystemslib%20tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/secure-systems-lab/securesystemslib/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Run+Securesystemslib+tests%22+branch%3Amain)

> A cryptography interface to sign and verify
> [TUF](https://theupdateframework.io) and [in-toto](https://in-toto.io)
> metadata.

Reviewer: This is more honest but maybe goes a bit too far? It's not that you can't sign anything you want...

I've added a bit of hopfully still honest marketing -- also mentioned some tech we use so that the "default installation supports ed25519 only" doesn't scare people away.

```suggestion
Securesystemslib is a cryptography interface for signing and verifying digital signatures. It is developed for the [TUF](https://theupdateframework.io) and [in-toto](https://in-toto.io) projects: the key and signature containers are compatible with metadata formats from those projects.

Under the hood Securesystemslib is able to use various digital signing systems (e.g. [cryptography](https://pypi.org/project/cryptography/), PIV hardware keys and multiple cloud based key management systems)
```

## Installation

The default installation supports [pure-Python `ed25519` signature
verification](https://github.com/pyca/ed25519) only. To enable other schemes and
signature creation, `securesystemslib` can be installed with *extras*. See
[pyproject.toml](pyproject.toml) for available *optional dependencies*.

```bash

> # Install with ed25519, RSA, ECDSA sign and verify support
> pip install securesystemslib[crypto]

Reviewer: "crypto" is such a confusing term here that maybe worth adding another example 

```suggestion
# Install with ed25519, RSA, ECDSA sign and verify support
pip install securesystemslib[crypto]

# ...or with HSM (e.g. Yubikey) support
pip install securesystemslib[hsm]
```
